Improve `skip_clone` documentation (#1747)
woodpecker-ci/woodpecker: docs/docs/20-usage/20-pipeline-syntax.md

  ...
```

## `skip_clone`

> If you don't specify (a) clone step(s), a default one is added.
> So if you like to not have one at all, just specify:

Author: ```suggestion
If you don't specify clone steps, a default one is added.
So if you like to not have one at all, just specify:
```
?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default Woodpecker is automatically adding a clone step. This clone step can be configured by the [clone](#clone) property. If you do not need a `clone` step at all you can skip it using:
```

Reviewer: @qwerty287 As far as I know you could add steps to the pipeline area with one of the trusted clone images which would get the netrc credentials passed which is possible since #1352 (pretty cool IMO and somehow makes the clone area obsolete to be fair)
